Perhaps you saw our vidyashku pro
cosmo strategy about those who made cosmo
humble 2 strategy but no space under
name hardwar chef breakers if not
now and now without having one you can
live dying out of nowhere
hidden in the endless darkness of the mysterious
on kickstarter began collecting
abundant amount of money that need piles
smart guys to create novus
aeterna.ru
and a m m arts it looks nice
they promise something sweet too
About the appearance of probably
actually our future empire
which can belong to one of
five times available in the game we appear
will be in some solar system from there
we will begin to scatter their
tentacles further into uncharted expanses
space
search for any and you can find different
starting from the new planets from which you can
suck out healthy juices and ending
other big and terrible empires and
here as a planet means you can build up
true land battles and empires
strangers not only to fight but also
make friends and trade if build
first on the planets of the mine and then
factories then warehouses and then the market
shipyards
cosmo and docks is that there are now at
It seems that the planets are limited
supply of minerals and also
some different resources like so what
Well, if there are different resources, then there will be
wars for the rich like balls otherwise
just do not understand why else to fight
except how simple because of random rage
top still screwed diplomacy which
In general, it is directly related to
trade and the ability to unite in
alliance
it is obviously not just mean
initial binding to a specific
home planet of the solar system
despite the promised vastness
the universe will probably live like in
communal
so that we certainly would not be lonely in
including including it seems after
view trailer in which the player
fought very close to his relatives
lands for some planet X glory to
planets under the control of the player will be many
but guarding them all will be difficult because
in my opinion stupid fleet restrictions
each player will be strictly
limited amount commander
Points to be absorbed
ships when they do not remain it and
there will be a maximum fleet limit and the very
a different ship and eat different things
number of CP
I think it would be better to border it
economic power
empire that is if you have money on
content enough and wonderful build
even if not then stay here in some
frames
besides logic, it would also give
own and increased mass for
there would be more interest
nicer to fight their one huge
empire let's say against some
coalition just nice when through your
gently stroking well and the ships themselves after
how we study different technologies
it will be possible to create discounts for oldfags
that is, to create ships for us personally
necessary configuration for a variety of
goals and this is the idea of ​​developers
should add vrt depth
and on top of this you will need to feed and
cherishes our population to multiply it
evict grab new planets like
here everything is fine yes but space
such a healthy disk space such
healthy endless thing when it comes to
comes about mrt especially sandbox and
all this in space is better in my opinion
do not limit player to random one
the planet
where he will actually start his way
give him the usual colonization spikes
small code all now t1 in the middle
fly strange wherever you want and here
then the game would have started to appear their
the tyranids that would fly hell knows
where and then disappeared without a trace and its
type of intergalactic eldorado where
hundreds of empires would strive because
someone somewhere said there just
solid deposits
different materials about the collision between
empires their alliances often could
sound like enmity between really
unique communities that
evolved quite differently in that
number and because let's say went there by
another way of development and because
let's say you had access to other minerals
with different properties ie sandbox
would really then be like
sandbox but here apparently will be wrong
moreover
despite the fact that we are in space he
flat until you could see one
a ship that would not go down
rose above the ecliptic plane like
let's say it was in to turnover it is not
let's say about a surprise attack
enemy fleets
not from the enemy base but
sudden appearances under our base or
over our seemingly small change but
in fact, it is very important in pro games
space
0 case so far alpha so maybe
only maybe a lot more will change and
Finally, by the interestingness of the game, you can
will draw conclusions only when
There will be more info about pva and
pvp similar content will also be if
staples and understandable this struggle with different
other top empires will be
represented by some cosmic and
screws in which we can participate
then when we want the blues and the whole thing
well, that is, our actions will somehow
change a certain history of the world as not yet in
Anyway, the most important thing is to
developers are not limited to something in
style build a hundred ships alliance whether
there to mine 500 tons of hell ore with
some kind of planet like this it will be
faintly change the galaxy
although if then the ore will be part
migration bomb or fleet task
will be knocking out some other empire
beyond its territory there would be
nice but better see the idea of ​​old
singles where there was something in the style of tasks for
whole alliances starting from there protecting
our stars from a certain infernal zirka
similar threats and ending with how scientific
research for which it was necessary
find some artifacts that are hidden on
distant planet under a layer of ice due to
which you first need to transform
thats like it sure was two you already
now you can bring if interested
money for getting into alpha
either wait while about what is there
we will tell and only then decide to bring
or not